h1. Flash Player Helper(Rails 3.x and Rails 2.x Compatible)

h2. What Is It?

*Flash layer Helper* is a Rails plugin that presents an ActionView wrapper for rendering "JW Flash Player 5.1":http://www.longtailvideo.com/players/jw-flv-player/ and "Image Rotator":http://www.longtailvideo.com/players/jw-image-rotator/

"JW Flash Player":http://www.longtailvideo.com/players/jw-flv-player/ is a popular open source Media player that supports most media formats.

This helper is also backward compatible.

h2. Getting Started

h3. Rails 2.x

@script/plugin install git://github.com/bagwanpankaj/flash_player_helper.git@

h3. Rails 3.x

@rails plugin install git://github.com/bagwanpankaj/flash_player_helper.git@ 

This will automatically setup JW Flash Player for your rails application.

If required files are not copied autometically under public directory then you can copy them by running

@rake flash_player:install@

h2. How to use

Include swfobject javascript into layout or view file

@<%= javascript_include_tag 'swfobject' %>@

then In your views use it like
For Flash Player
@<%= player() %>@

and for Image Rotator
@<%= image_rotator() %>@

The above command will render flash player or Image rotator with default configuration.
The helper method for flah player looks like:
@player(player_options = {},config = {})@

and for Image Rotator
@image_rotator(player_options = {},config = {})@

In which *player_options* contains options that you can pass for JW Flash Player, including flashvars supported by adobe flash.
Note: all the flashvars should be passed under :flahvars key in player_options as a hash like

@<%= player(:allowfullscreen   => 'true',:allowscriptaccess => 'true',{:flashvars => {:skin => '/swf/skins/bekle.swf', :height => '600'}})%>@

You can find list of supported flashvars for Flash Player "here":http://developer.longtailvideo.com/trac/wiki/Player5FlashVars
and flashvars for Image Rotator can be found "here":http://developer.longtailvideo.com/trac/wiki/ImageRotatorVars

It supports skin in both format either you can pass zip file or a swf file to skin flashvars.

Note: Given relative path should be relative to public folder of your application.

h2. Credits

Credit for this plugin goes to JW Flash Player Team for making such a awsome flash player.

h2. More Info

For more info write me at bagwanpankaj[at]gmail.com

Copyright (c) 2010 Bagwan Pankaj: http://bagwanpankaj.com, released under the MIT license